/*
----------------------------
MetaDoom
Terrain Definitions
----------------------------
*/

// Based off Enjay's terrain definitions WAD, which at this point I'm pretty sure
// is older than most ZScript experts.

splash Water
{
	smallclass		WaterSplash
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/drip

	baseclass		WaterSplashBase
	chunkclass		WaterSplash
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
	noalert
}

splash Blood
{
	smallclass		BloodSplash
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/sludgegloop

	baseclass		BloodSplashBase
	chunkclass		BloodSplash
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	noalert
}

splash Nuke
{
	smallclass		LavaSmoke
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle

	baseclass		SlimeSplash
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

splash Lava
{
	smallclass		LavaSmoke
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/lavasizzle

	baseclass		LavaSplash
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	noalert
}

splash Slime
{
	smallclass		SludgeChunk
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/sludgegloop

	baseclass		SludgeSplash
	chunkclass		SludgeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	noalert
}

splash Hot
{
	smallclass		LavaSmoke
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/hotsiz

	baseclass		SlimeChunk
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/hotsiz
	noalert
}

terrain Lava
{
	splash			Lava
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Blood
{
	splash			Blood
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Nuke
{
	splash			Nuke
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Slime
{
	splash			Slime
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Hot
{
	splash			Hot
	footclip		0
	liquid
}

ifdoom
floor BLOOD1 Blood
floor BLOOD2 Blood
floor BLOOD3 Blood
floor optional SLIME01 Slime
floor optional SLIME02 Slime
floor optional SLIME03 Slime
floor optional SLIME04 Slime
floor optional SLIME05 Slime
floor optional SLIME06 Slime
floor optional SLIME07 Slime
floor optional SLIME08 Slime
floor NUKAGE1 Nuke
floor NUKAGE2 Nuke
floor NUKAGE3 Nuke
floor FWATER1 Water
floor FWATER2 Water
floor FWATER3 Water
floor FWATER4 Water
floor LAVA1 Lava
floor LAVA2 Lava
floor LAVA3 Lava
floor LAVA4 Lava
floor optional RROCK05 Hot
floor optional RROCK06 Hot
floor optional RROCK07 Hot
floor optional RROCK08 Hot
floor optional SLIME09 Hot
floor optional SLIME10 Hot
floor optional SLIME11 Hot
floor optional SLIME12 Hot

// PSX Doom Shit
floor optional WATER01 Water
floor optional WATER02 Water
floor optional WATER03 Water
floor optional WATER04 Water
floor optional BSLIME01 Slime
floor optional BSLIME02 Slime
floor optional BSLIME03 Slime
floor optional BSLIME04 Slime
floor optional CSLIME01 Slime
floor optional CSLIME02 Slime
floor optional CSLIME03 Slime
floor optional CSLIME04 Slime

// Nintendo 64 Shit
floor optional D64B1_01 Blood
floor optional D64B2_01 Blood
floor optional D64BLOD1 Blood
floor optional D64N1_01 Nuke
floor optional D64N2_01 Nuke
floor optional D64NUKG1 Nuke
floor optional D64NUKG2 Nuke
floor optional D64S1_01 Slime
floor optional D64S2_01 Slime
floor optional D64SLDG1 Slime
floor optional D64SLDG2 Slime
floor optional D64W1_01 Water
floor optional D64W2_01 Water
floor optional D64WATR1 Water
floor optional D64WATR2 Water
floor optional D64L1_01 Lava
floor optional D64LAVA1 Lava
floor optional D64LAVA2 Lava

// BTSX Shit
floor optional FWATER02 Water
endif